hi this is lucien wins is my first
segment of making handle bio weapons end
up this first segment I want to show you
how to make the halo shotgun and the
sniper so first of all I'm gonna make
you I'm gonna help you make the shotgun
like this check on the knees huggies
these big brows one of these tubes and
these holding things and one of these
kind of broke it so we'll fit so first
what you do the barrel and put the non
broken part in then you take this clip
ething and clip it on so it looks like
this and what you do is slide this in
and then you put this on so it looks
like this I will make an update later on
so check in sooner or later if you're
putting this on a person kind of like
this just burnt this on like that and
now this this sniper
so the sniper you're going to need is
very mark is another one of those barrel
ones one of these and if it's too hard
for you to find one of these just find
one one of those like the clippy
thingies except with this type of base
and the clever thing on the side and
just put it on here and clip the
monoculars on yeah so this two of these
like the tubes except both of them have
like short and when one is short the
other ones long one of these has a stud
bottom and two handles and one of these
three side of ones okay so first of all
what you do is you take one of these one
over the tube and this the binocular
horn holder and you clip it on like that
then you take the binoculars and clip
them on or the alternative like I told
you and what you do is take this put
this right in here right here then you
plug one of these in here with two
handles in here so I looks like this
then what you do put the short the
longer end of one of the two sided tubes
on one and so it looks like that so that
then you take the two one of these the
second one and you push it up just like
that plug this in and there you guys for
a sniper alright thanks for watching